NOTES:
	No two TAs can have the EXACT same name. It causes issues is various parts of the queue. Make each TA NAME unique.

	If a students gets inline, and then gets out again BEFORE a TA clicks "Offer Assistance" it does not show any thing on
		the stats page. If the students gets in line, and the TA clicks "Offer Assistance" and then the student removes him/
		her self from the queue it is reflected on the stats page.

	When viewing questions (extended stats) if you sort by Time Spent With TA it sorts by strings, not ints.
		Looked into fixing this but ran out of time. The link to do it is here:http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11341379/datatables-sorts-strings-instead-of-numeric

	The names of people are downloaded when the page is refreshed. At the beggining of the semester a TA may be 
		logged in and waiting for students. If the TA first logs in, then a student logs in, and enters their name
		(as they must do the first time the go to the page), and then gets in line their name won't show up on the 
		queue. It will be null. Just refresh the page and it will be there. This is only an issue at the beggining 
		of the semester, or any time a new student enters their name after that TA has loaded the page.

	When a TA clicks "Offer Assistance", the student is "dequeued". That just means the "dequeued" time has been set.
		They will technically still be in the QUEUE Table on the database. This is because the QUEUE table is what is sent
		over the wire to display on the main page. Once the TA clicks remove only then will the student be removed
		from the QUEUE table. 

	DequeueTime refers to the time at which a TA clicked "Offer Assistance". (Applies for the QUEUEHISTORY table)
	EnqueueTime refers to the time the student clicked "Get in line".
	StartedGettingHelpTime refers to the time that TA clicked "Offer Assistance". (Applies for the QUEUE table).
	DoneGettingHelpTime refers to the time when the TA clicked "Remove" OR when the student clicked "Done getting help".

	The usage graphs showing Average Wait time and Dequeues per hour include the time when a student dequeues themselves with out 
		ever getting help. The average time spent with the TA includes only when a TA has pressed "Offer assistance". Once the TA
		presses that button, from then on, no matter if the TA or the student do a removal, the data is still reflected in 
		"Average Time spent with a TA".

	Anytime a "time of day" is specified in the extended stats it includes the whole hour. That is to say if the specified end time was
		9:00 am. Then all entires in the 9 oclock hour are included. (9:00 - 9:59:59). 


TODOs (what I was going to work on next)
	-When a student is currently being helped, stop the flashing title. (index.js update)
	-Add a button to the queue for the TAs that would remove a person with out logging it anywhere
		(much like the clear button but for only one specific person). Used when a person gets in line
		but never shows up.
	-On the Questions tab in the extended stats the "Time Spent With a TA" column is sorted by strings value
		not int value (so an order would be 1,1.4,100,2,20.4,3.3)
	-Edit TAs page looks slightly funky on mobile devices (it works and is usable, but check box and edit botton
		dont look well together)
	-When a question is not required (check box in setting tab) the buttons on the student side get slightly messed
		up on a mobile device. Most obviously when a student is in line. The button text extends passed the actual 
		button
	-Update the TA side of things when a question is not required. AKA Dont show the "Question" column when noone is required
		to enter a question in.
	-Enter in a note such as "Questions were not required at this time" in the question column of the questions tab on the 
		extended stats. Something to just indicate that the reason the line is blank is because questions weren't required
		at the time the student got in line.

